[Music]
we spend tons of money on the perfect
foundation highlighter and other beauty
products but the truth is that your
house is already filled with everything
you need to look Bom 24/7 so do you want
to know how to look flawless with the
help of simple everyday items then keep
watching before you find out more about
these Beauty life savers make sure you
hit subscribe and ring this little
notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life
number one use baby powder to create the
effect of false eyelashes if you love
the look of long thick eyelashes I have
good news for you you don't have to go
to a beauty salon just use some baby
powder this affordable product works its
magic instantly and will never let you
down starting by coating your eyelashes
with a single layer of mascara and then
apply baby powder onto them with the
q-tip after that apply another layer of
mascara and voila perfect false
eyelashes in one minute
number two use activated charcoal to
whiten your teeth instead of spending
money on popular teeth whitening
procedures by some activated charcoal
and do it at home
this beauty hack is pretty simple all
you have to do is put a tablet of
activated charcoal in a glass and add
five drops of water be sure to need the
final product to get rid of any lumps
then apply it to your toothbrush and
brush your teeth as usual don't forget
that you should only repeat this
procedure twice a month so as not to
harm sensitive teeth enamel number three
use red lipstick to conceal dark circles
under the eyes quickly they say that
green and orange concealers are the best
at dealing with dark circles under the
eyes however there's one more product
that can do just as great a job your
favorite red lipstick apply it to the
arches beneath your eyes and add two
layers of concealer on top when
everything dries don't forget to powder
the finished look make sure you apply
the lipstick careful
and do not overuse this method otherwise
it will damage the sensitive skin around
your eyes number four use string for the
perfect winged eyeliner winged eyeliner
is a must for a perfectly feminine yet
fierce look luckily there are tons of
beauty hacks you can use to make your
eyes look flawless the best of them all
is the cotton string trick if you want
to try it begin by taking a piece of
string and coating it with your eyeliner
then pull the string tight and put it to
your eyes so that it forms a
continuation of your lower eyelid this
helpful technique can be used to paint
the wings upper edge as well and there
you go your cat eye is complete number
five use a fork to contour your nose
contouring is big these days and
everybody has their own little trick to
make it look natural and effortless and
here's one of the most popular ones
among all makeup lovers use a fork to
make your contour smooth and symmetrical
it'll help you make your nose appear
more slender and apply a contour stick
and highlighter to the right areas
depending on your face shape simple but
effective number six use ordinary
pencils as eyeliners we all want to
spice it up sometimes I go for a
brightly colored bold eye look but what
if you don't have any colorful eyeliner
pencils not a problem
ordinary pencils will do the job just
place them in a glass of hot water leave
them there for a few minutes and your
homemade bright eyeliners are ready
moreover they'll last just as long as
your regular eyeliners so you don't have
to worry about refreshing your look
throughout the day
number seven use lip balm instead of a
highlighter
who doesn't like a healthy yet blinding
glow right and whether you constantly
forget to buy a highlighter or just
can't find the perfect one for you you
can always turn to your lip balm for
help apply it to the areas you usually
highlight and enjoy your fresh look
the only drawback of this prick method
is lip balms occasional stickiness but
it'll go away faster than you think
number eight use icy water to dry nail
polish did you know that nail polish
usually takes about an hour to harden
and up to four whole hours to fully dry
well this explains a lot right if you're
not patient enough to wait all that time
treat yourself to an ice-water finger
bath pour about four glasses of water
into a bowl and add a couple of ice
cubes put your fingers in the bowl for
just a minute and then go on with your
day no matter what you do your manicure
will look impeccable number nine use
concealer to create a new lip outline
not all of us are content with our lips
if you've got a naturally blurred lip
outline or you want to make your lips
appear fuller take out your concealer
and remember this little trick start by
tracing your lip outline with your
concealer erasing its natural contours
wait for it to dry then take your lip
pencil draw a new lip contour slightly
overstepping the natural one and your
perfect pout is finished just don't get
carried away your lips should look a bit
more luscious but still natural at the
end number 10 use dishwashing sponges
for perfect curls as it turns out you
don't need a curling iron which can
severely damage your hair by the way to
get luxurious curls dishwashing sponges
on the other hand are absolutely
irreplaceable if you want to see their
mind-blowing effect for yourself divide
your hair into strands and wrap each
strand around the middle of a sponge
fold the sponge in half secure it with
rubber band
sleep you'll wake up to a pleasant
beauty surprise the next morning number
use potato slices to whiten your armpits
believe it or not but darkening of the
underarms is a serious issue for many
people and if you're one of them forget
about all those expensive products and
treatments your problem can be solved
easily with the help of potatoes prepare
your skin by washing your armpits and
drying them with the towel thinly slice
one potato and rub your armpits with the
slices you can also grate a potato and
use its juice to do the same thing
either way
the finished results certainly won't
disappoint you number 12 use mayonnaise
instead of a hair conditioner don't get
me wrong hair conditioners are great but
if you want to make your hair care
routine more natural take a closer look
at mayonnaise over the course of time
this everyday product can make your hair
way softer and healthier don't believe
me then listen to Blake Lively
she's used this method for years back in
Blake Lively confessed that it was her
mom who taught her this beauty hack now
she always puts mayonnaise on the bottom
half of her hair before she showers
according to lively this prevents the
shampoo from stripping her hair and
making it brittle specialists usually
suggest choosing homemade mayonnaise for
this purpose since the stuff we buy in
the grocery store is full of
concentrates and other chemicals so if
you want or just hair like Blake Lively
make sure you follow this tip and don't
forget to share your results with us do
you have any weird beauty hacks of your
own tell us in the comment section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
Subscribe stay on the bright side